---
layout: default
title: sitespeed.io 5.4.0
description: The latest version comes with upgraded versions of Chromedriver, Geckodriver and new Fireforx and Chrome. And we also supports the Paint Timing API.
authorimage: /img/aboutus/peter.jpg
intro: The latest version comes with upgraded versions of Chromedriver, Geckodriver and new Fireforx and Chrome. And we also supports the Paint Timing API.
keywords: sitespeed.io, sitespeed, release, 5.4
nav: blog
---

# 5.4.0

## New and shiny Browsertime

In this release we upgraded some of the core 3rd party software we use in Browsertime, that in previous versions had bugs that hold us back from upgrading:

* We upgraded to Chromedriver 2.30.0 that fixes [#337](https://github.com/sitespeedio/browsertime/issues/337) the problem in Chromedriver 2.29 that made it impossible to get the trace log from Chrome.

* Upgraded to Geckodriver 0.17.0 seems that seems to fix the problem loading very small pages [#321](https://github.com/sitespeedio/browsertime/issues/321).

* Updated the Docker container to Firefox 54 (Firefox 54 should be faster than the older Firefox) and Chrome 60 (beta) to fix the background color problems we've seen for a while: Loading a URL in emulated mode changed the background color to grey before first visual change. And on desktop the background color was changed to the first color of the page (in our case that made the background color orange appearing before first visual change). [Checkout the original Chrome bug](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=727046).

* Since we rolled forward to Chrome 60 we also added a script to pickup metrics from the Paint Timing API [#344](https://github.com/sitespeedio/browsertime/pull/344). You can include the timings from the Paint Timing API by adding the CLI parameter *--html.inlcudePaintTimingAPIInWaterfall*

## Changes in sitespeed.io
We upgraded to latest browsertime added some small changes to the toplists:

## Vacation JULY - AUGUST
We are going to take a long vacation this year to recharge and make sure we can make sitespeed.io even better this autumn. What does this mean? We will not answer issues within 24 hours that we usually do, but don't be scared: If we get any important bugs, we will fix them. And we will do maintenance releases when there's a new Chrome/Firefox.

Checkout the full [Changelog](https://github.com/sitespeedio/sitespeed.io/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for all changes.

/Peter
